•	How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Generally you will get user feedback or enhancement ideas from the PO who has more access to the customer and the shareholder.  Once you receive feedback a dummy story or placeholder story can be created.  In refinement when your team is discussing upcoming work these user enhancements should be brought up and discussed with the team. Sometime a user saying I want to be able to seach for a last name doesn’t mean exactly that. It is up to the team to see if that is the best direction or if they would want to implement a search by last name or first name, or search by ID ect ect.  Once this is decided the story can be pointed and assigned. Creating user stories for these requests helps refine what the request is, and helps the team address it and possibly enhance the functionality. 
•	How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I approach developing programs with questions. I have been in the situation before where someone wants a “little app” and from my experience there really isn’t any such thing.  So, especially early in development I think the best approach is to ask many questions so you and the PO/stakeholder/ect can nail down what is expected. I regularly use agile processes in my job and have only good things to say about the agile methodology. One thing I hope to carry forward is the open communication aspect.
•	What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
There are many things I believe make a good team member in software development. One of the top ones is the ability to communicate well and openly.  Communication is key for being a team member, your team needs to know where you are at on any given task and they need to know anything that is preventing you from completing your work(standups).  I think we have all been on the “team” where one person does everything because they can’t count on the other members of the team, therefore reliability is also in my definition of a good team member. Lastly, knowledge or the ability to acquire knowledge. A good team member needs to know something of software development or be able to quickly learn and pick things up on their own.
